docs: Added to AuthenticationResponse the description of the message field (#5817)
eclipse/kura: docs/references/rest-apis/rest-session-api.md

  * **passwordChangeNeeded**: `bool` 
      Determines whether a password change is required for the current identity.
  * **message**: `string`

>       A message that can be displayed to the user after they have logged in.

Reviewer: Please mention that the field can be missing if the banner is not configured

>       A message that can be displayed to the user after they have logged in. The field may be missing if it is not enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      A message that can be displayed to the user after they have logged in. This field will not be present if the post login banner functionality is disabled.
```
